now we all have probably propane stoves
that we use
these kind of bottles and you know they
can cost three or four dollars a piece
to to replace when they run out and
here's a here's a tip on how you can
refill those yourself and may be able to
save yourself some money
I've first of all you take your empty
bottles for you ready to refill them
I've got a spare fridge outside here and
just grab your empty bottles out of here
and that helps to chill them so they'll
feel quicker and better so so now we'll
go from here okay now you've got your
bulk bottle here propane and there's a
little adapter right here that screws
into threads on here and it's got
threads over here for your smaller
bottles that use with your stove or
Lantern or whatever so you just screw
this into here it's a left-handed thread
so it's backwards from what you normally
would do and I found I can just screw
that in hand tight and I'm good to go
now I've got this scoot into here you
have to start out with your big bulk
cylinder in the upright position just
screw that cylinder there into it and
we're going to turn this upside down now
that that's upside down I just reach up
under here and turn on the gas and you
can hear it running into here now
basically about a minute or something
like that then there your cylinder will
be full and usually I just listen and
you can hear when it quits running into
there now I just give it another a
little bit beyond that alright now this
thing is full there's nothing running
anymore in there so we just flip this
right side up turn off well turn off the
valve flip the right side up case so now
you've got this thing filled up turn it
back right-side up there you got it it's
full ready to go
and by the way it's best to do this
outdoors and one other thing I should
mention is when you get done filling it
you can kind of listen or you can use
some soap suds if you want to to make
sure that this isn't leaking I've only
had one that ever leaked in all the
years I've done this but occasionally it
does happen and I always try to save the
little cap that comes with them to put
back over there to keep dirt and junk
out of the out of there so I like to
keep a stock of about eight to twelve of
these propane cylinders on hand in my
just kind of for preparedness backup and
also so I'm ready anytime I want to make
a quick camping trip or whatever
you